Coming off the two best games of his young career , Derek Fisher has plenty to tell former AAU teammate Corliss Williamson when the Lakers visit Sacramento on Thursday night .Instead , Fisher is focused on what he 's not doing well .The first-year point guard from Arkansas-Little Rock , while encouraged by his back-to-back strong showings against Boston and Philadelphia over the weekend , is dismayed to be bringing an unsightly free-throw percentage into the new year ." I hope that 's something that will continue to improve , " said Fisher , who 's hitting just 65.3 percent of his attempts at the line ." As a player , especially a professional player , you have to keep working on your game .Hopefully I can get it up into the 70s or higher . "Fisher was always a respectable free-throw shooter in college , hitting at a 74.7-percent rate despite various hand injuries .With the Lakers , accuracy from a backcourt man is even more vital , since Shaquille O'Neal 's numerous misses have saddled L.A. with the worst team percentage  65.2  in the league ." I just really have to concentrate on it , " Fisher said .The rest of Fisher 's game is already perking up , perhaps in time to earn him a spot in the Rookie Game at All-Star Weekend in Cleveland .Fisher had a career-high 13 points in Friday 's win over Boston _ including the fourth four-point play in Lakers history _ then had 12 points in 15 minutes Sunday against Philadelphia 's Allen Iverson ." Derek has played unbelievably the last couple games , " said fellow rookie Travis Knight said ." He came in and gave us a real emotional lift . "Latest setback : Just when Jerome Kersey finally got healthy , he got sick .The veteran forward has overcome a fractured left foot and a nagging right Achilles ' injury to fill in admirably for the injured Cedric Ceballos , but Kersey had to stay home from practice Tuesday because of the flu .Like Fisher , Kersey is coming off his two best performances of the year .Friday against the Celtics , he had 13 points , 10 rebounds and five steals .Kersey then came back Sunday in the Philadelphia win with 16 points and three steals in 36 minutes , pushing the Lakers to 8-0 whenever he scores at least 10 points ." I think Jerome will be our key guy off the bench , " Lakers coach Del Harris said of his plans for the 34-year-old when Ceballos comes back ." I think he understands that , and that 's really going to be great to have an option like him off the bench , because I think Jerome is terrific . "At 29.1 minutes per night , Kersey is being used much more than anticipated .Had he not missed the first nine games because of the fractured foot , he 'd rank third overall in the NBA in steals behind Eddie Jones and Seattle 's Gary Payton .If he continues swiping the ball at his current pace _ 2.15 per game _ Kersey will soon qualify for the list of league leaders .He 's tops among NBA forwards in steals and , with Jones , makes the Lakers the only team with two players averaging at least two thefts ." I 'd really rather not have to depend on  Kersey  so much , but he 's still going to be playing more minutes than he expected when when he signed on , " Harris said of Ceballos ' eventual return ." Jerome will remain a key member of the mix . "Layups : Jones watched Tuesday 's practice to rest a sore right ankle , and Rumeal Robinson also stayed home with the flu .Jones and Kersey are probable for Thursday 's trip to Sacramento , Robinson is questionable ...Knight is up to second on the team in rebounding frequency at one every 3.7 minutes , behind only O'Neal  one every 3.0 minutes  ...The Lakers won't practice today as per NBA rules and don't leave for Sacramento until the morning of the game , as they did for last week 's Christmas Day visit to Phoenix .
